BWDB-10511 (#634)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: campaigns/guides/bandwidth10dlcCampaignImportApiGuide.md

### POST Imports

{% sample lang="http" %}

```http
POST https://dashboard.bandwidth.com/api/accounts/{accountId}/campaignManagement/10dlc/campaigns/imports HTTP/1.1
Content-Type: application/xml; charset=utf-8
Authorization: Basic dXNlcm5hbWU6cGFzc3dvcmQ=

<ImportedCampaign>
    <CampaignId>CJEUMDK</CampaignId>
</ImportedCampaign>

```

### Response

```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/xml
Location: https://dashboard.bandwidth.com/api/accounts/{accountId}/campaignManagement/10dlc/campaigns/imports

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="yes"?>
<LongCodeImportCampaignsResponse>
    <ImportedCampaign>
        <CampaignId>CJEUMDK</CampaignId>
        <Description>Test 9</Description>
        <MessageClass>Campaign-E</MessageClass>
        <CreateDate>2021-03-18T12:50:45Z</CreateDate>
        <Status>ACTIVE</Status>
    </ImportedCampaign>
</LongCodeImportCampaignsResponse>
```

{% endextendmethod %}

## Assign a campaign to a TN
For more info on TNs, please see [Number Management](../../numbers/about.md)<br/>

> For more info on assigning campaigns to TNs, please see [Advanced Ordering](../../numbers/guides/advancedOrdering.md)

Reviewer: @ajrice6713 @hamermike is there a reason this `advancedOrdering.md` file was removed from the docs? Or was it just never added? These links are correct but because we don't have the advanced ordering section in SUMMARY.md, they're not resolving. Just wanted to double check before saying we can re-add them

Reviewer: Actually AJ says this guide `onDemandNumberSearchAndOrder.md` is better to use

> For more info on assigning campaigns to TNs, please see [Advanced Ordering](../../numbers/guides/advancedOrdering.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info on assigning campaigns to TNs, please see [our number ordering guide](../../numbers/guides/onDemandNumberSearchAndOrder.md)
```

## Bulk Assign a campaign to multiple TNs

> For more info on TNs, please see [Number Management](../../numbers/about.md)<br/>

Reviewer 2: you should provide the minimal instructions for this right?  with an example file that just does a bulk assignement?
